I'm going to demonstrate logging in and browsing around the AWS management console.
First one I'm going to do is browse to console.aws.amazon.com in my internet browser.
This brings up my account, lesliecloudlab.
I'm going to log in with my username,
lesliecloudlab, and my password.
After I successfully enter my username and password,
AWS prompts me for my MFA code,
which is a six digit code I'm retrieving from the Google Authentication app on my phone.
After I login, I land here on the AWS management console page,
which lists some helpful shortcuts to frequently use services,
some wizards, and some training videos.
Note that I'm logged in to US East 1 or Northern Virginia.
Selecting a region brings up a menu of
regions that are available to me under my free tier.
Next to region is the administrative menu that has my account information,
my billing dashboard, security credentials,
and of course, the sign out link.
Over here under support,
we have some documentation,
training, and other resources.
There are a couple of ways to get to the services you need in the AWS console.
The most straightforward is to type the name or description into the search.
Typing EC2 brings up the EC2 service,
but so does typing instance and typing S3 brings up the S3 service,
but so does typing bucket.
The other way is to select the down arrow next to services on the menu ribbon here.
This brings up all of the AWS services available categorized by function.
Feel free to get comfortable and use the option that works best
for you and then don't forget to log out.